OSSM-8296: Add a mTLS configuration doc (#166)
openshift-service-mesh/sail-operator: docs/ossm/ossm2-vs-ossm3.md

1. Ensured network applications and the control plane can communicate with each other.
2. Restricts ingress for mesh applications to only member projects.

OpenShift Service Mesh 3 does not create these policies, leaving it to the user to configure the level of isolation required for their environment. Istio provides fine grained access control of service mesh workloads through [Authorization Policies](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/security/authorization-policy/).

## Service Mesh Security TLS Configuration

By default, OpenShift Service Mesh 2 created the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource. You can enable mTLS strict mode by setting the `spec.security.dataPlane.mtls` to `true`. 
You can set the minimum and maximum TLS protocol versions by setting the `spec.security.controlPlane.tls.minProtocolVersion` or `spec.security.controlPlane.tls.maxProtocolVersion` in your `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource.

> OpenShift Service Mesh 3 does not create the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource. You can enable mTLS strict mode by applying the corresponding `PeerAuthentication` and `DestinationRule` resource(s). You can learn more about that in [Security mTLS Configuration](./security/security-mTLS-configuration.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OpenShift Service Mesh 3, the `Istio` resource replaces the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` resource and does not include these settings. You can enable mTLS strict mode by applying the corresponding `PeerAuthentication` and `DestinationRule` resource(s). You can learn more about that in [Security mTLS Configuration](./security/security-mTLS-configuration.md).
```
